+++
title = "Untitled"
date = 2018-06-04
category = "Writing"
+++

The limousine, all black,  leisurely rolled to a stop in front of blinking neon lights.   Glowing cyan letters spelt out “Blue Haven”, the fluorescent tubes next to it depicted feminine lips on a lit cigarette. These lights reflected off the black pearlescent vinyl of the vehicle beautifully; only rippling when a busboy trotted over to open a door near the tailend. Scott O’Ryan stepped out to his full glory at a towering height of nearly seven feet. The busboy bowed his head, hiding his gaze under his Herringbone; a second busboy held a lighter out for the cigar Mr. O’Ryan began to pull from his vest pocket. Their frost ridden breaths came out almost as impressively dense as Mr. O’Ryan’s tobacco tainted ones. The gruff man looked out across the street to the dingy line of  cigar and cigarette shops. His hard and calculating eyes swept over the groupings of questionable shop denizens without rush. Scott O’Ryan rarely felt hurried. The what-could-be-considered tense silence was only broken by gurgling vehicle engines and the ambience of a city-symphony. Scott inhaled leisurely. A vague police siren sung somewhere across town. The obedient busboys, waited with bodies made rigid, and skin made bumpy the biting chill of a New York night. The most (and perhaps only) respected man of the several people waiting outside the establishment reached midway through his cigar, and he flicked it to the ground. The taller busboy whistled to another one, a smaller and paler boy, who opened one of the gold tinted double doors to the establishment.  As it was dragged outward, the seductive melody of piano and saxophone drifted out like smoke. 

Mr. O’Ryan walked before the boy at the door, bracing his weight on the obviously expensive cane gripped by his left hand. The handle was in the shape of a skull, and it’s hollow eyes gleamed in the light. The clinging stench of his cuban cigar and the harshness of his brown eyes intimidated the boy. He refused to flinch, however, instead averting his eyes to the sandwich board to his right. Scott followed his gaze and a slow grin folded over the rust colored stubble of his jaw. In neat lettering on the board was exactly what the man wanted to see. 

“Ash Holiday, midnight tonight!”  
“You’re in luck, lad, I’m in a good mood. What’s your name?”  The deep baritone of his voice was proudly decorated with an accent that was distinctly Irish. They controlled a good portion of the neighbourhood, and treated with hate and fear by the Christian community, those Irish thugs. Barely birthing their third month yet it seemed like business was booming in the Brooklyn Diamond District. The boy didn’t ponder over this however, unlike Mr. O’Ryan, he didn't have the pleasure of time.
“Aiden McAdam, sir” He answered, honestly--usually people who lied to Mr. O’Ryan didn’t live long enough to brag about it.  His heart danced to a wild rhythm within his chest. He was Scottish, obviously so with his fiery red hair. It was rare for the Irish and the Scots not to shed one another’s blood. He was orphaned, and as a boy alone in the city, being coinless as well would likely result in a drawn out death. He prayed that his heritage wouldn’t render him without a job (or worse) as he met the older man's dark eyes. Mr. O’Ryan appraised him before releasing a long drag from his cigar. The smoke was blown closely to Aidens face; his own honey colored eyes watered at the burn of the smog. Mr. O’Ryan leant against his cane, dug around his right pocket and pulled out a nickel. He tossed it to Aiden, who caught it with fumbling hands. 

“Be as hardworking a man as those two, and soon you won’t have to worry about wearin’ those rags on your feet.” He gestured to the other busboys, who stood near, eager to serve, before nodding down at the feeble sandals Aidan wore. They were dirty, worn down on the sole, and most notably, they reeked. He whispered a “thank you” to Mr. O’Ryan. Despite being relatively full, Scott tossed the cuban to the ground, and brushed past Aidan, heading inside. Aidan looked to the other boys once Scott disappeared through the doors. They both smiled sympathetically. “Just keep your head low, doesn’t matter where you come from ‘round these parts...long as 
you keep working, you’ll be fine.” The taller of the two told him lightly, fiddling with his lighter as he spoke. Aidan only hoped that would be the case. 

Even after coming to the lounge nearly every week, it still took his eyes a moment to adjust to the change in lighting. Overhead were blue tinted bulbs that cast a deep hue throughout the entirety of the club. On the wall rested scones that bled purple, lavishing the cream wallpaper in violet. He was bombarded with looks of all kind. Respect and joy was apparent from his crew of gangsters, all Irish with pumpkin hair and cocky grins. Open lust and adoration was observed from the various barmaids and waitresses who spun on their heels; the flat metal trays on their high held hands were filled with drinks of all vibrancies. Some of these women wore necklines so low on their shimmery cocktail uniforms, that it was a wonder how they weren’t mistaken for pin-up girls. Muted fear, or more so apprehension, was present on those who lurked near the darker corners; some of their gazes avoided Mr. O’Ryan. They eyed their liquor instead. 
The attentions of the evening-goers would only be on Scott momentarily, as the lights on the stage came to life with a deep gold.  The calming instrumental came to a close as the deep velvet curtain parted slightly. A white-suited man swaggered to the front of the platform, the curtain which split for his entrance closed once more. Ignacio Ciarlariello was a sight to behold as he dipped and bowed at being the sudden focus of attention. His hair was yellow, a bit too bright a color for his tanned skin. The commercials on television, which advertised hydrogen based bleach blond, promised a change. They didn’t guarantee it would look better afterwards. He tapped the microphone attached to the metal stand on which it rested.   

“Ladies and gentlemen,” Ignacio began, waving an arm around to indicate the patrons. Scott watched him with faint exasperation as he sipped the Romano Fizz cocktail handed to him by one of the more flirtatious waitresses. He wouldn’t see or care for the pout she wore when he turned away from her after receiving his regular order.  Ignacio spoke on stage, cracking wise ones and hosting lively. Scott tuned him out as he listened to a nearby conversation. 
